Update proposal to address review comments (#5)
alchemyplatform/EIPs: EIPS/eip-modular-smart-contract-accounts-and-plugins.md

This proposal standardizes smart contract accounts and account plugins, which are smart contract interfaces that allow for composable logic within smart contract accounts. This proposal is compliant with [ERC-4337](./eip-4337.md), and builds on the existing work from [ERC-2535](./eip-2535.md) when defining interfaces for updating and querying modular function implementations.

> This modular approach delegates account functionality to external contracts, defines categories of functions the external contracts may implement, and defines an expected execution flow from accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This modular approach splits account functionalities into three categories and delegates them to external contracts (plugins). It defines categories of functions the plugins may implement, and defines an expected execution flow from accounts.
```

Author: Let's keep "functionality" singular, since it's an abstract concept. And since the terminology of "plugins" is introduced later, let's not mention it yet - this section is just to distinguish our approach from other proposals.

Author: Other than that looks good

- If an associated `postHook` is defined, execute the associated function with the execution function’s calldata. If the `preHook` function returned data, the MSCA MUST pass that data in to `postHook`.
- If there are global `postHook`s, execute each with the execution function’s calldata.

> > ⚠️ If the execution function does not have a definition for either `runtimeValidator`, `preHook`, or `postHook`, the undefined functions will be skipped. The execution function will be executed and it may change account state.

Reviewer: Should we bold warnings?

Author: I'm good with either bolding or no bolding, your call
